# approximate_polynomial_root_calculator
This project is intended to operate as a Read-Evaluate-Print-Loop, perhaps in the form of a command-line interface.

primary.py is a sort of artifact from earlier forms of this project. There is currently no plan to include primary.py in the final program as how it is currently written, but it has been included in this repository for the case that parts of the module might be able to be re-used. Much of the code of primary.py was inspired by a similar program featured in a lesson in Brilliant.org's Calculus Fundamentals course; however, the program featured there did not include any sort of user-input parsing. PRIMARY.PY IS INCOMPLETE.

expression_parsing_func.py is intended to be used for splitting the entire user-input string, directly after it has been entered, and return a list of strings that are the individual terms of the original expression. Each of the returned may include particular features, such as the characters "minus_" at the beginning of the string if that term was originally subtracted in the expression. EXPRESSION_PARSING_FUNC.PY IS INCOMPLETE.

term_parsing_module_v1.py and term_parsing_module_v2.py are inteded to be used after expression_parsing_func. They are intended to, in a class-based way, parse each individual term in the list returned by expression_parsing_func, and create data that is able to be evaluated mathematically. In less accurate words, the two modules are meant to convert the strings to data able to be calculated into floating-point values. Most of the difference between v1 and v2 is that in v1 I tried to nest classes, which, though I'm still not sure, might have caused exceptions to be raised. I didn't nest the class definions in v2. I've been feeling a bit confused about name-spaces regarding these two modules, because of nesting the definitions. TERM_PARSING_MODULE_V1.PY AND TERM_PARSING_MODULE_V2.PY ARE BOTH INCOMPLETE.

post_parsing_evaluation.py hasn't much writing in it. It was intended to used for returning actual floating-point values after either one of the term_parsing_modules has been utilized, hence "post-parsing evaluation". This module is less complete because I thought it ought to be written mostly after I was more sure of how the term_parsing_modules would operate. POST_PARSING_EVALUATION.PY IS INCOMPLETE.

repl_module.py is simply intended to be code to implement a read-evaluate-print-loop for use of this program in a command-line prompt. REPL_MODULE.PY IS INCOMPLETE.
